fix(srv): content review and update (#2589)
scaleway/docs-content: macros/serverless/cron-schedules.mdx

macro: cron-schedules
---

> Adding a cron schedule to a specific task allows you to run it automatically at fixed times and dates. CronJobs are specified using a unix-cron format. You can run a task as often as every minute, or as infrequently as once a year.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adding a cron schedule to a specific task allows you to run it automatically at fixed times and dates. Cron jobs are specified using a unix-cron format. You can run a task as often as every minute, or as infrequently as once a year.
```

## Cron schedule format

> CronJobs are expressed using the `* * * * *` format, which corresponds to the fields below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cron jobs are expressed using the `* * * * *` format, which corresponds to the fields below.
```
